Feature generation from POSCAR by myself and put them into the database
1. Surface Area
2. Surface energy ( might need to calculate for each pristine nanoparticles already optimized using the formula in "Stability and Electronic Structures of Pt-Rh Icosahedral Nanoparticles")
3. Diameter (size)
    Note: How to get radius (r)
        1. find out central atom and get largest distance from it which will be r
        2. As the structure get distorted, you know the central position thn do point no 1 (suitable if structure is symmetrycally distorted around center ----- check this)

4. Coordination number of each surface atoms (Code avialable here: "Size‑, Shape‑, and Composition-Dependent Model for Metal Nanoparticle Stability Prediction")
5. We can use normal distance cutoff to get generalize coordination number (put cut off 3 angs all atoms inside that distance are the CN)

6. Use graph based method to generate structural feature after getting CN for all atoms ( or you can take surface atoms only ) using Sucheta di's code

7. Update----
    I have my own code for finding out avg CN of total NP as well as avg surface atoms CN
    Next I add surface energy as it is an important features 
    Surface energy is calculated based on no of different surafce atoms present at the surface and from their per atom surface energy
    Next I add the lattice mishmatch, idea-- by explicitly looing into evry CONTCAR
    Another point I add, for which I couldn't find any meaning (composition weighted lattice mishmatch)
    As lattice mismatch is constant for two different elements always, however, the distortion is different for different composition of same two elements.  Let see what happens with this feature 
    

8. Need to do --- Graph based Structural features

10. Elemental features from matminer (Please look into DScribe and RDKIt) (difference in atomic radius, electronegativity etc)
11. Use state = ("range") to get difference in values of elemental properties (from ElementalProperty class)
                = ("mean") for composition weigthed elemental properties
